Fix of documentation about disabling of an automation creating shortcuts (#626)
QuasarApp/CQtDeployer: md/en/DisableShortcats.md

Some times we need to disable creating automaticly shortcuts for some applications.
For solve this problem i recomendet override the default qt installer framework template.

# Note 

> From CQtDeployer 1.5.1 you can add option -disableShortcuts for disable automation create shortcuts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from CQtDeployer 1.5.1, you can use the -disableShortcuts option to disable the automatic creation of shortcuts.
```

Author: yes this changes looks good

> ### Пример: 

Reviewer: Russian in English doc.

Author: оу thanks)
